📝 docs(README): refactor Quickstart with sections and more details (#76)
disney/meteor-base: README.md

## Quickstart

> ### Step #1 - Bootstrap Dockerfile from template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Bootstrap `Dockerfile` from template
```

Using `#` turns these into links to issues/PRs.

Copy `example/default.dockerfile` (or `example/app-with-native-dependencies.dockerfile` if your app has native dependencies that require compilation such as `bcrypt`, or if your app is using a version of Meteor older than 1.8.1) into the root of your project and rename it `Dockerfile`. This file assumes that your Meteor app is one level down from the root in a folder named `app`; either move your app there, or edit `Dockerfile` to point to your desired path (or the root of your project). Leave `Dockerfile` at the root.

> ### Step #2 - Ensure the Meteor version is the one you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Set the correct Meteor version in the `Dockerfile`
```

> Edit the `Dockerfile` you copied into your project, changing the first line so that the numbers at the end match the version of Meteor of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the `Dockerfile` you copied into your project, changing the first line so that the numbers at the end match the version of Meteor of your project. You can find your project’s Meteor version in your app’s `.meteor/release` file.
```

> For example if you project is running under Meteor 2.2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your project is running under Meteor 2.2:
```

```Dockerfile
FROM geoffreybooth/meteor-base:2.2
```

> See your app’s `.meteor/release` file to get its Meteor release version. This version must match an available tag from [geoffreybooth/meteor-base](https://hub.docker.com/r/geoffreybooth/meteor-base/tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version must match an available tag from [geoffreybooth/meteor-base](https://hub.docker.com/r/geoffreybooth/meteor-base/tags).
```

If necessary, update version in the `FROM node` line to use the Node version appropriate for your release of Meteor. From your application folder, you can get this version via the following command:

```bash
docker run --rm geoffreybooth/meteor-base:$(cat ./.meteor/release | cut -c8-99) meteor node --version | cut -c2-99 | grep -o "[0-9\.]*"
```

> ### Step #3 - Setup your .dockerignore accordingly to speed up builds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Configure `.dockerignore` to speed up builds
```

> Also copy the `example/.dockerignore` file to the root of your repository so that heavy non-needed files are not passed to the Docker context, so that your build is faster (for more, see the [`.dockerignore` documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#dockerignore-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy `example/.dockerignore` to your project’s root and edit it appropriately to avoid copying unnecessary files into the Docker context.
```

We don’t have links to Docker reference docs elsewhere, and people can easily find information about `.dockerignore` via Google if they don’t know about it already.

> ### Step #4 - Build & Profit 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Build and run
```

This project is a publication of Disney’s, and we don’t own South Park (yet).

> Congratulations, you can know build the Docker image for your Meteor app in an easy and efficient way 🙂
> 
> ```bash
> docker build -t you-awesome-name/your-meteor-app-name .
> ```
> 
> ### Step #5 (Optional) - Use Docker Compose to ease your workflow
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would cut all this. It’s simpler to give only one way to do something rather than two, and the `docker-compose` approach is more powerful and just as easy.

> To make your workflow easier, you can also copy the `example/docker-compose.yml` file to your project’s root. Then, from the root of your project, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy `example/docker-compose.yml` to your project’s root. Then, from the root of your project, run:
```
